from the director of pee-wee's big
adventure Adam and Barbara are ghosts
what's the good of being a ghost if you
can't frighten people away their house
is being haunted by the living maybe the
house could use a little remodeling and
they can't scare them into leaving sad
it's a little late to be neurotic so
they're calling on beetlejuice there's
no ordinary ghost you don't want his
help can you be scary what do you think
of this no the party's over you put
somebody out of the house I want to get
somebody out here but the fun has just
begun
it's show time
throw your voice boo your friend [ __ ]
party
[Music]
is amazing
want a cigarette no thank you
[Music]
here I come live he's guaranteed to put
some life in your afterlife Michael
Keaton is Beetlejuice and the ghost
[Music]